Add Anti-Controlled, Fredkin, and Toffoli tasks to Multi-Qubit Gates kata (#1424)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/multi_qubit_gates/amplitudes_swap/solution.md

In vector form the transformation we need is:

$$
\begin{bmatrix}\color{blue}\alpha\\\ \color{blue}\beta\\\ \gamma\\\ \delta\\\ \end{bmatrix}
\rightarrow
\begin{bmatrix} \color{red}\beta\\\ \color{red}\alpha\\\ \gamma\\\ \delta\\\ \end{bmatrix}
$$

This can be represented by a matrix:
$$
U = \begin{bmatrix}0 & 1 & 0 & 0\\\ 1 & 0 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 1 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 1\\\ \end{bmatrix}
$$

> We remember a two-qubit gate with a similar matrix representation - the CNOT gate:

Reviewer: We try to use formulas for gate names for consistency throughout the katas
```suggestion
We remember a two-qubit gate with a similar matrix representation - the $CNOT$ gate:
```

$$

> \text{CNOT} = 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CNOT = 
```

 \begin{bmatrix}1 & 0 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 1 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 1\\\ 0 & 0 & 1 & 0\\\ \end{bmatrix}
$$

> We need a way to transform the $\text{CNOT}$ gate into the unitary transformation represented by $U$.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need a way to transform the $CNOT$ gate into the unitary transformation represented by $U$.   
```

We remember that the Pauli X gate flips the state in the single-qubit case. Here we need to use a 2-qubit version of this gate, which would affect only the second qubit. We conclude, that the idenity gate needs to be used on the first qubit. In the end, the required gate is a tensor product: $I \otimes X$.

> We validate that composition of $I \otimes X$ and the $\text{CNOT}$ gate produces the required unitary transformation represented by $U$. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We validate that composition of $I \otimes X$ and the $CNOT$ gate produces the required unitary transformation represented by $U$. 
```

$$

>  (I \otimes X)\cdot \text{CNOT} =  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 (I \otimes X)\cdot CNOT =  
```

 \left(
\begin{bmatrix}1 & 0 \\\  0 & 1 \\\ \end{bmatrix}\otimes
\begin{bmatrix} 0 & 1 \\\ 1 & 0 \\\ \end{bmatrix}
\right) \cdot
\begin{bmatrix}1 & 0 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 1 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 1\\\ 0 & 0 & 1 & 0\\\ \end{bmatrix}=
\begin{bmatrix}0 & 1 & 0 & 0\\\ 1 & 0 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 1\\\ 0 & 0 & 1 & 0\\\ \end{bmatrix}
\begin{bmatrix} 1 & 0 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 1 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 1\\\ 0 & 0 & 1 & 0\\\ \end{bmatrix}=
\begin{bmatrix} 0 & 1 & 0 & 0\\\ 1 & 0 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 1 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 1\\\ \end{bmatrix}=
U
$$

> > Note that the order in which the gates $I \otimes X$ and $\text{CNOT}$ are applied doesn't matter in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that the order in which the gates $I \otimes X$ and $CNOT$ are applied doesn't matter in this case.
```

@[solution]({
    "id": "multi_qubit_gates__amplitudes_swap_solution_a",
    "codePath": "./SolutionA.qs"
})

> Alternatively, we can express this gate using the intrinsic gate Z and its controlled variant using the Controlled functor:
> 
> 
> We observe that the task requires application of a Pauli X gate on the second qubit when the first qubit is in the $|0\rangle$ state. This can be achieved with [`ApplyControlledOnInt`](https://learn.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp/microsoft.quantum.canon.applycontrolledonbitstring) library function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, we can notice that the task requires application of a Pauli X gate on the second qubit when the first qubit is in the $|0\rangle$ state. This can be achieved with [`ApplyControlledOnInt`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/qsharp/api/qsharp-lang/microsoft.quantum.canon/applycontrolledonint) library operation.
```

> Notice that the `ApplyControlledOnInt` function creates a gate controlled by a register - not by a single qubit. 

Reviewer: This comment is outdated, new operation doesn't create a controlled version of a gate but rather applies it right away
```suggestion
Notice that the `ApplyControlledOnInt` operation uses an array of qubits as control, not by a single qubit. 
```

@[solution]({
    "id": "multi_qubit_gates__amplitudes_swap_solution_b",
    "codePath": "./SolutionB.qs"

> })

Reviewer: Same as in the PR you opened with a build issue, we need a new line after the macro for it to render. (This is fixed in main, I think, so maybe merging main into the branch will also work)
```suggestion
})

```

> ### Solution 1 - using intrinsic gates

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

We don't use solution headers now. You can refer to `solution.md` for `arbitary_controls` in this `multi_qubit_gates` kata.

In vector form the transformation we need is:

$$
\begin{bmatrix}\color{blue}\alpha\\\ \color{blue}\beta\\\ \gamma\\\ \delta\\\ \end{bmatrix}
\rightarrow
\begin{bmatrix} \color{red}\beta\\\ \color{red}\alpha\\\ \gamma\\\ \delta\\\ \end{bmatrix}
$$

This can be represented by a matrix:
$$
U = \begin{bmatrix}0 & 1 & 0 & 0\\\ 1 & 0 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 1 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 1\\\ \end{bmatrix}
$$

We remember a two-qubit gate with a similar matrix representation - the CNOT gate:

> $$
> \text{CNOT} = 
>  \begin{bmatrix}1 & 0 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 1 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 1\\\ 0 & 0 & 1 & 0\\\ \end{bmatrix}
> $$

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$$
CNOT = 
 \begin{bmatrix}1 & 0 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 1 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 1\\\ 0 & 0 & 1 & 0\\\ \end{bmatrix}
$$
```

> We need a way to transform the $\text{CNOT}$ gate into the unitary transformation represented by $U$.   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We need a way to transform the $CNOT$ gate into the unitary transformation represented by $U$.   
```

We validate that composition of $I \otimes X$ and the $\text{CNOT}$ gate produces the required unitary transformation represented by $U$. 

$$
 (I \otimes X)\cdot \text{CNOT} =  
 \left(
\begin{bmatrix}1 & 0 \\\  0 & 1 \\\ \end{bmatrix}\otimes
\begin{bmatrix} 0 & 1 \\\ 1 & 0 \\\ \end{bmatrix}
\right) \cdot
\begin{bmatrix}1 & 0 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 1 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 1\\\ 0 & 0 & 1 & 0\\\ \end{bmatrix}=
\begin{bmatrix}0 & 1 & 0 & 0\\\ 1 & 0 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 1\\\ 0 & 0 & 1 & 0\\\ \end{bmatrix}
\begin{bmatrix} 1 & 0 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 1 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 1\\\ 0 & 0 & 1 & 0\\\ \end{bmatrix}=
\begin{bmatrix} 0 & 1 & 0 & 0\\\ 1 & 0 & 0 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 1 & 0\\\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 1\\\ \end{bmatrix}=
U
$$

> Note that the order in which the gates $I \otimes X$ and $\text{CNOT}$ are applied doesn't matter in this case.

@[solution]({
    "id": "multi_qubit_gates__amplitudes_swap_solution_a",
    "codePath": "./SolutionA.qs"
})
Alternatively, we can express this gate using the intrinsic gate Z and its controlled variant using the Controlled functor:

> ### Solution 2 - using a library function

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Similar suggestion: header not required

> We observe that the task requires application of a Pauli X gate on the second qubit when the first qubit is in the $|0\rangle$ state. This can be achieved with [`ApplyControlledOnInt`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/qsharp/api/qsharp/microsoft.quantum.canon.applycontrolledonbitstring) library function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We observe that the task requires application of a Pauli X gate on the second qubit when the first qubit is in the $|0\rangle$ state. This can be achieved with [`ApplyControlledOnInt`](https://learn.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp/microsoft.quantum.canon.applycontrolledonbitstring) library function.
```

> Notice that the `ApplyControlledOnInt` function creates a gate controlled by a register - not by a single qubit. A similar function `ControlledOnBitString` is introduced in the [Multi-Qubit Gates tutorial]([../tutorials/MultiQubitGates/MultiQubitGates.ipynb#Other-Types-of-Controlled-Gates](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/qsharp/api/qsharp/microsoft.quantum.canon.controlledonbitstring)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notice that the [`ApplyControlledOnInt`](https://learn.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp-lang/microsoft.quantum.canon/applycontrolledonint) function creates a gate controlled by a register - not by a single qubit. A similar function [`ApplyControlledOnBitString`](https://learn.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp-lang/microsoft.quantum.canon/applycontrolledonbitstring) was introduced in the Multi-Qubit Gates tutorial.
```
